# Components

This folder holds Preact components for the UI. Each component is defined in a `.tsx` file, and may have a corresponding `.css` file for its styles as well.

The components are:

- `periodic-table`: Displays the whole periodic table, including all elements according to other defined components below (namely `periodic-table-element` and `periodic-table-info-box`). Most of the game logic is loaded into this component via the `useGameState` hook, defined in `src/game-state.ts`. When the user makes a match attempt, the feedback on the periodic table is handled here. An incorrect match changes the element's background to red, and a correct match makes the element background black and clears the incorrect (red) match attempt backgrounds throughout the board.
- `periodic-table-element`: Displays a single element (used inside `periodic-table`). Changes how the elements are displayed based on if they were correctly matched or incorrectly matched. It is here where functionality from `periodic-table-space` is implemented.
- `periodic-table-space`: A helper component to put null spaces between characters so that users cannot use the keyboard shortcut CTRL+F to search for elements on the game (essentially "cheating").
- `periodic-table-to-find`: Displays the current "active" element (a.k.a the element the user is currently searching for) based on the current difficulty of a game. Beginner difficulty copies every aspect from the periodic table, whereas intermediate and advanced difficulty incrementally remove certain aspects of the element. Intermediate shows the element symbol and element name, and advanced only shows the element name.
- `periodic-table-info-box`: Displays an information box for the user, showing them the current active element (which is defined in `periodic-table`, where this is used), the current score of the game, and a clock toggle to show how long the user has spent trying to match the current element. In addition, when the user makes a match attempt, they receive feedback in this information box, with green text being positive and red text being negative (e.g. "Good job!" or "Try again!"). If the match attempt was correct, the score will be added to and the user will see each of the relevant score components added to their score (streak, time bonus, and base correct points).
